OOPs:
        OOP stands for Object-Oriented Programming system.
        OOP is faster and easier to execute
        OOP provides a clear structure for the programs
        OOP helps to keep the C# code DRY "Don't Repeat Yourself", and makes the code easier to maintain, modify and debug
Members
       Fields and methods inside classes are often referred to as "Class Members"
       variables inside a class are called fields
Constructors
        A constructor is a special method that is used to initialize objects.
        The advantage of a constructor, is that it is called when an object of a class is created.
        It can be used to set initial values for fields:       
        
        Note:
        constructor name must match the class name, and it cannot have a return type (like void or int).
        Also note that the constructor is called when the object is created
access modifier
        which is used to set the access level/visibility for classes, fields, methods and properties.   
        public	  - The code is accessible for all classes
        private	  - The code is only accessible within the same class
        protected	- The code is accessible within the same class, or in a class that is inherited from that class.
        internal	- The code is only accessible within its own assembly, but not from another assembly
Encapsulation :  (wrap up the collection of data into a single unit )
        which is the process of making sure that "sensitive" data is hidden from users.
        This is done by declaring fields as private 
property: 
        A property is like a combination of a variable and a method, and it has two methods: a get and a set method       
         private variables can only be accessed within the same class (an outside class has no access to it).
         However, sometimes we need to access them - and it can be done with properties.
polymorpisiom:
        Polymorphism means "many forms".
        same method doing more then one action ,that is called poly.
abstraction:
        Data abstraction is the process of hiding certain details and showing only essential information to the user.
interface:
        interface used to achieve abstraction in C#
        all methods in interface are abstract method 
        all methods have only the signature
        user must provides the definition of interface members in child class
enum:(group of constants)
        An enum is a special "class" that represents a group of constants (unchangeable/read-only variables).
        use the enum keyword (instead of class or interface), and separate the enum items with a comma
        
